Add proposal triage and review guidelines (#4786)
godotengine/godot-proposals: TRIAGE-AND-REVIEW.md

## Triaging Godot proposals

> When a new proposal is added it needs to be triaged. Existing proposals sometime require
> re-triaging as well. The main goal of triaging a proposal is:

Reviewer: "sometimes" always ends with "s" if I'm not mistaken:

```suggestion
When a new proposal is added, it needs to be triaged. Existing proposals sometimes require
re-triaging as well. The main goal of triaging a proposal is:
```

triaging may be useful.

Triagers don't need to personally evaluate the merits of the proposed feature. They can,
however, close a proposal immediately if it's not valid, is missing key details, or is
a duplicate. Partial duplicates can be left open at triager's discretion, or can be linked
with an existing discussion.

To help track proposals, plan future work, and organize review meetings GIP repository uses
a GitHub project:

https://github.com/orgs/godotengine/projects/37

Triagers need to add the new proposal to this project, set its "**Status**" to "_In Discussion_" and
its "**Feature Concept**" and "**Proposed Implementation**" fields to "_Unassessed_".

## Reviewing Godot proposals

Each proposal review starts with a public discussion. Stakeholders, area maintainers, as well as
users of the engine can participate in the discourse, support or raise concern and try to
forge the initial draft of a feature into a shape that solves the problem for the majority of users.

> See Godot documentation to learn about [the engine design philosophy](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/community/contributing/best_practices_for_engine_contributors.html).

> For some areas of the engine area maintainers can decide on the feature during this period of public
> discussion. In a lot of cases, though, the proposal can be put for review during a proposal review
> meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some areas of the engine area, maintainers can decide on the feature during this period of public
discussion. In a lot of cases, though, the proposal can be put for review during a proposal review
meeting.
```

### Feature Concept

The "**Feature Concept**" field is used to indicate if the proposed solution, conceptually, fits Godot.
This is different from approving the implementation. When the feature is approved it means
that the problem described by the proposal is considered valid and that it is worth solving, and
the solution is worth including into the engine's core.

"**Feature Concept**" can have following values:

* Unassessed
* Needs User Feedback
* Approved
* Rejected: Out of Scope
* Rejected: Lacks Significance

Initially, the feature is "_Unassessed_" until a decision is reached by qualified maintainers. This
can happen during a proposal review meeting, or a team meeting. In some cases this can happen during
the open discussion.

If the proposal may have merits, but use cases are not completely clear, it can be marked as
"_Needs User Feedback_" to give more opportunities for feedback. However, if merits of the proposal
are not obvious (e.g. the use case is too specific, there is not enough public support, etc),
then it is rejected with "_Lacks Significance_".

Proposals can have merits but still be rejected if they don't fit into the slick design

> of the engine core. In effort to reduce engine bloat only solutions that are beneficial to

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

> In effort to make engine maintenance sustainable and avoid tech debt accumulation, only solutions that are beneficial to a lot of users can be considered most of the time.

It only means that the feature itself is favorably reviewed for its inclusion into the engine.

### Proposed Implementation

The "**Proposed Implementation**" field indicates if the exact technical solution to the problem
is acceptable. This is different from approving the feature, and is not the same as code review.
When the implementation is approved it means that from the technical standpoint this is a good
solution and it seems appropriate for the overall design of the engine.

"**Proposed Implementation**" can have following values:

* Unassessed
* Needs Changes
* Pending Engine Changes
* Approved
* Rejected: Lacks Consensus

Just like the feature, the implementation starts off as "_Unassessed_". If during a review
maintainers agree on the implementation, it gets "_Approved_". It is likely that at
this point the implementation can be done, but do check the overall status.

Alternatively, some changes may be required from the implementer. "_Needs Changes_" is used
in such cases, but it is also possible that the proposal is fully approved anyway. This must
be reflected in maintainers' comments in the proposal itself.

> Sometimes the implementation may depend on the engine changes that are not merged yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the implementation may depend on the engine changes that aren't merged yet.
```

implemented. It also gives a complete look for slices based on "**Status**", "**Feature Concept**",
and "**Proposed Implementation**". Any organization member can add issues to be tracked there,
so please use it responsibly and don't forget to assign correct values if you do so.

You can add an issue to the project from the issue's page directly. Use the gear icon in the sidebar
next to the "**Projects**" title and select "_Godot Proposal Metaverse_" from the list of available projects.
Status is automatically set to the default value, "_In Discussion_", even though it doesn't update visibly.
You can still set it, or set it to another appropriate value.

> Don't forget to unfold the project panel in the sidebar and set up the other two fields under the cutoff.
> Click the chevron arrow next to the project name, or the "**+3 more**" text. Then select the
> appropriate values for both feature and implementation from their lists.

You can find all the issues in the project using this search filter:

https://github.com/godotengine/godot-proposals/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+project%3Agodotengine%2F37

> You can find all the issues NOT in the project yet using this search filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the issues **not** in the project yet using this search filter:
```
